In this step, once you have selected the better response, you will be rewriting the preferred response. ​​This applies even if the original response is good or acceptable, but could be improved.

The only scenario where a rewrite would not be necessary is if one of the model responses is perfect, meeting all the requirements and specifications of the prompt/task.

Specifications List:

The re-written response should fully achieve the main goal of the prompt.
The re-written response should address any secondary objectives implied by the goal or prompts.
The re-written response should correct any and all errors.
The re-written response should be coherent and logically connected to the prior conversation.
The re-written response should fulfill all the dimensions for “No Issue” in the rating rubric, which are listed in order of importance in the rubric.
The re-written response should follow the below formatting specifications.
Formatting Specifications:

Key terms should be highlighted in bold, whereas titles, articles, etc. are italicized.

Remove pleasantries such as "Sure," "Certainly," "I can help with that," etc.

Make responses more concise, remove all fluff and unnecessary phrases (i.e. “Welcome to the world of VS Code!”)

Tone should be straightforward/professional.

Test outputs include a comment with the expected response.

Explanations should use bullet points.

Rewritten response replace any paragraphs (especially those with at least 3 points) with bullet points instead
All repetitive phrasing/wording must be removed.

Answer the questions below
Label your response according to the questions below.

Are there any minor or major stylistic or presentational issues in the response you selected as the "better" one? *

Your are REQUIRED to perform a rewrite for any stylistic or presentational issues!

Make sure that the response meets all stylistic standards, including:

- Language that is clear, concise, and free of unnecessary repetition.

- Use of bullet points when there are three or more key points for easy readability, with paragraphs broken down logically.

- Sufficient comments in the code to explain complex logic or non-obvious steps.

- For trivial html/css code, the requirement for comments can be more lenient


[YES] - I confirm that the "better" response meets all stylistic requirements
[NO] - I will perform a rewrite and change the response to follow all stylistic and presentational requirements
Save and Continue
